The user must enter their username in the “Username” as well as their password in the “Password”  before clicking the “Login” button, if their username and password are valid, which will take them to the “Home” screen. If the user does not have an account, they can click the “Signup” button which will take them to the “Signup” screen. 

Once they have clicked the “Signup” button on the “Login” screen. The user can enter their email in the “Enter your email” , enter their username in the “Enter your username” , enter their password in the “Password” , and confirm their password in the “Confirm Password” . Once the user has entered all the information and the system has checked that it is valid, they will be able to click the “Signup” button which will create their account and take them to the “Login” screen. 

All the landmarks in the area will be displayed to the user. The user will be able to click on a landmark to get information and directions to it as well as a favourite landmark if they would like to. The user can click on the “Menu” icon in the top left of the screen to change settings. The user can click on the search bar at the top of the screen to search for a landmark that they cannot see on the screen.  

Once the user has clicked the “Menu” icon on the “Main” screen this menu will appear to change the user’s settings. The user can click on “Metric Units” to change the units to kilometres or miles depending on their preference.  The user can click “Favourite Landmarks” which will only display the landmarks that have been favourited by that specific user on the map. The user can click “Preferred Landmarks” which will allow them to select different types of landmarks to be filtered and displayed on the map. The user can click “Log Out” which will take them back to the “Login” screen.

Once the user has clicked the “Go” button on a specific landmark such as “Landmark 1”, the route to that landmark will be displayed visually on the map by highlighting the roads needed to follow to arrive at the landmark. The route will have the distance and time left to the landmark displayed as well for the user to see.
